c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests.pdb
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.WebApi.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.pdb
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.WebApi.xml
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\obj\Debug\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\obj\Debug\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests.dll
c:\users\jellar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FreeWheel.MoviesApi\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests\obj\Debug\FreeWheel.MoviesApi.Tests.pdb
